docs(web-modeler): document logging to file (#2104)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: docs/self-managed/modeler/web-modeler/configuration/configuration.md

| `CLIENT_PUSHER_KEY`       | _must be the same as_ [`PUSHER_APP_KEY`](#configuration-of-the-websocket-component)                                                           | \*\*\*               | -             |
| `CLIENT_PUSHER_FORCE_TLS` | Enable TLS encryption for WebSocket connections initiated by the browser.                                                                     | `true`               | `false`       |

### Logging

| Environment variable | Description                            | Example value                |
| -------------------- | -------------------------------------- | ---------------------------- |
| `LOG_FILE_PATH`      | [optional]<br/>Path to log file output | `/full/path/to/log/file.log` |

> Refer to the [Advanced Logging Configuration Guide](./logging.md#logging-configuration-for-the-websockets-component) for additional details on how to customize WebSocket's logging output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Advanced Logging Configuration Guide](./logging.md#logging-configuration-for-the-webapp-component) for additional details on how to customize the `webapp` logging output.
```

| `PUSHER_APP_SECRET`  | A unique secret used for authentication. Provide a random alphanumeric string of at least 20 characters.                                                                 | \*\*\*        | -             |
| `PUSHER_APP_PATH`    | [optional]<br/>Base path of the WebSocket endpoint. Can be used to expose the endpoint on a sub path instead of the domain root (e.g. `https://example.com/modeler-ws`). | `/modeler-ws` | `/`           |

### Logging

| Environment variable | Description                                                                                                                        | Example value | Default Value |
| -------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ------------- |

> | `LOG_CHANNEL`        | [optional]<br/>Logging channel driver, see [Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/8.x/logging#available-channel-drivers) | `single`      | `stack`       |

Reviewer: Laravel calls them "log channels".
```suggestion
| `LOG_CHANNEL`        | [optional]<br/>Log channel driver, see [Laravel documentation](https://laravel.com/docs/8.x/logging#available-channel-drivers) | `single`      | `stack`       |
```
